[DOC] Improve the template documentation (#3255)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.template.PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate.adoc

Strimzi creates a `PodDisruptionBudget` for every new `StatefulSet` or `Deployment`.

> By default, these pod disruption budgets only allow a single pod to be unavailable at a given time by setting the `maxUnavailable` value in the `PodDisruptionBudget.spec` resource to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, pod disruption budgets only allow a single pod to be unavailable at a given time by setting the `maxUnavailable` value in the `PodDisruptionBudget.spec` resource to 1.
```

> You can change the amount of unavailable pods allowed by changing the default value of `maxUnavailable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can increase the amount of unavailable pods allowed by changing the default value of the `maxUnavailable` property in the `PodDisruptionBudget.spec` resource.
```
